
.TH SHELL 1 "April 2024" "Version 1.0" "Shell User Manual"
.SH NAME
dos_shell - Simulate a shell environment that translates DOS commands into their corresponding Linux commands.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.dos_shell
.SH DESCRIPTION
.The 'dos_shell' program provides a simulated shell environment capable of accepting DOS commands and executing them by translating them into their equivalent Linux commands. It functions by reading from a mapping file, dos_commands.txt, which contains pairs of DOS commands and their corresponding Linux counterparts. This utility serves as a learning tool for users familiar with DOS commands who wish to navigate and operate within a Linux environment.
simulates a shell environment that accepts DOS commands
and translates them into equivalent Linux commands, executing them and
displaying the output (results) to the user.
.SH OPTIONS
No command line options are available.
.SH USAGE
Upon launching \fBshell\fR, users can input DOS commands, and the
shell will translate these commands into corresponding Linux commands and
execute them. The output of the executed Linux commands will be displayed
to the user.
.PP
Users are required to provide a text file for mapping between DOS and Linux
commands. Each line of the text file should contain a DOS command followed
by its equivalent Linux command. The shell will reference this file for
command translation.
.SH EXAMPLES
Suppose the mapping file contains the following entries:
.nf
.B dir    ls
.B cls    clear
.fi
.PP
If the user enters "dir" into the \fBshell\fR, the shell will execute
"ls" command in Linux and display the directory listing.
.PP
If the user enters "cls" into the \fBshell\fR, the shell will execute
"clear" command in Linux, clearing the screen.
.SH FILES
dos_commands.txt
A text file containing mappings between DOS commands and their Linux equivalents. Users can customize this file to include additional mappings as needed.
.SH AUTHOR
[Ahmed Nabil].
. SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report any bugs or issues encountered with the dos_shell program to [ahmniab11@gmail.com].
.SH BUGS
There are currently no known bugs associated with the dos_shell program.
.SH NOTES
The 'dos_shell' utility is primarily intended for educational purposes and may not encompass the full spectrum of DOS commands and their Linux equivalents. Users are encouraged to contribute to the enhancement of this utility by extending the mapping file and sharing their additions with the community.

